Sorry, Lawyer Tang
Sorry for causing you trouble
Hey, look at it
Ha, are you so idle on your day?
I didn't say you just came to intern, you can buy it from him, can he?
If it were me, I wouldn't want it either
I can't deal with beautiful men from Tencent
Who am I dealing with
Just your little example of pleading
The list of senior partners will be down next month
I don't know if this deer is dying
These are the few of us who are immortal
If we really lose to the concubine
Can you not hold back
The three of them
If you don't want you, I can go first
After all, we will work hard together
But if it is for bronze
They are more than ten years younger than us
Then I am not convinced by this hundred
Who made you inferior to others
Don't give me useless talk
Let's get down to business
If you can't deal with Tang Qian alone, just say what to do
You don't just want to distract him
You also want him to make mistakes